{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Verdana;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}
{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid9923698 Hyperlink;}{\*\ts16\tsrowd\trbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 
\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \sbasedon11 \snext16 \styrsid13453227 Table Grid;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1269062760\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-842920282\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\b\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af0\fbias0 
\fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440\lin1440 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23
\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880\lin2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0
\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600\lin3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320\lin4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040\lin5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691
\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760\lin5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}
\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480\lin6480 }{\listname ;}\listid1973634498}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1973634498\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5376\rsid83218\rsid163232\rsid204221\rsid418941\rsid459729\rsid556247
\rsid622300\rsid660368\rsid741965\rsid745892\rsid750246\rsid869602\rsid1011275\rsid1123828\rsid1180345\rsid1185039\rsid1776064\rsid1855015\rsid1992060\rsid2174572\rsid2389562\rsid2635557\rsid2849070\rsid2907714\rsid3096149\rsid3175344\rsid3358583
\rsid3411988\rsid3435958\rsid3482521\rsid3482724\rsid3570682\rsid3765131\rsid3802369\rsid3819150\rsid3829250\rsid4205094\rsid4261153\rsid4325768\rsid4328006\rsid4351592\rsid4357882\rsid4664068\rsid4728577\rsid4736079\rsid4741755\rsid5118428\rsid5246246
\rsid5254238\rsid5396214\rsid5397017\rsid5463398\rsid5465203\rsid5705629\rsid5726209\rsid5859415\rsid5914899\rsid5925475\rsid6173856\rsid6249809\rsid6297687\rsid6298875\rsid6383834\rsid6448000\rsid6649025\rsid6772229\rsid6890438\rsid7354733\rsid7434026
\rsid7471790\rsid7696690\rsid7764977\rsid7830021\rsid7866264\rsid7939112\rsid8090243\rsid8155014\rsid8277274\rsid8388641\rsid8549399\rsid8802862\rsid8916821\rsid9259653\rsid9260669\rsid9267279\rsid9307985\rsid9326681\rsid9378823\rsid9530539\rsid9533067
\rsid9846725\rsid9923698\rsid9986088\rsid10096898\rsid10108588\rsid10167653\rsid10180296\rsid10238442\rsid10371950\rsid10373054\rsid10437008\rsid10437768\rsid10494188\rsid10506052\rsid10636145\rsid10757531\rsid10769275\rsid10774768\rsid10893573
\rsid10971086\rsid11022331\rsid11168564\rsid11484221\rsid11496612\rsid11666227\rsid11733884\rsid11894746\rsid11998746\rsid12206313\rsid12395620\rsid12402616\rsid12530326\rsid12781155\rsid12855807\rsid12859189\rsid13264031\rsid13384628\rsid13395964
\rsid13443476\rsid13453227\rsid13642566\rsid13960114\rsid13963959\rsid13986270\rsid14122615\rsid14298838\rsid14421416\rsid14566379\rsid14682437\rsid14684027\rsid14901856\rsid14947759\rsid15092888\rsid15213545\rsid15226750\rsid15293163\rsid15362417
\rsid15428265\rsid15470801\rsid15535821\rsid15757174\rsid15825901\rsid16019615\rsid16405251\rsid16470636}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Rick Brewster - Project Lead, Programming}{\author Rick Brewster}{\operator PC}
{\creatim\yr2004\mo3\dy11\hr21\min44}{\revtim\yr2006\mo1\dy10\hr15\min32}{\version115}{\edmins118}{\nofpages9}{\nofwords2273}{\nofchars12957}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws15200}{\vern24689}}\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1417 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1417\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\nojkernpunct\rsidroot10180296 
\fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9378823 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13443476 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5254238 {\b\f36\fs36\insrsid5254238\charrsid5254238 DBJ*T}{\b\f36\fs36\insrsid5254238 #}{\b\f36\fs36\insrsid5254238\charrsid5254238 \'99}{
\b\f36\fs36\insrsid5254238 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5254238 {\f36\fs20\insrsid5254238\charrsid5254238 DBJ\rquote s Testing tool}{\f36\fs20\insrsid5254238 
\par }{\f36\fs20\insrsid5254238\charrsid5254238 
\par }{\f36\insrsid5254238\charrsid5254238 \'a9 2003-2006
\par DBJ*Solutions Ltd.}{\f36\insrsid2907714 
\par }{\f36\insrsid5254238 
\par }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\f36\insrsid4736079 HYPERLINK "http://www.dbjsystems.com/"}{\f36\insrsid4736079\charrsid4736079 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3600000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e00640062006a00730079007300740065006d0073002e0063006f006d002f000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\f36\ul\cf2\insrsid4736079 
http://www.dbjsystems.com/}}}{\f36\insrsid5254238 
\par }{\f36\insrsid1855015 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10437008\yts16 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f36\fs20\insrsid12395620 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\f36\fs20\insrsid10437008\charrsid12395620 GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\par Version 2, June 1991
\par 
\par  Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
\par 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
\par  Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
\par  of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
\par 
\par Preamble
\par 
\par The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
\par freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public
\par License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free
\par software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.  This
\par General Public License applies to most of the Free Software
\par Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to
\par using it.  (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by
\par the GNU Library General Public License instead.)  You can apply it to
\par your programs, too.
\par 
\par   When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
\par price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
\par have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
\par this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it
\par if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it
\par in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.
\par 
\par   To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
\par anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.
\par These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you
\par distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.
\par 
\par   For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
\par gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that
\par you have.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the
\par source code.  And you must show them these terms so they know their
\par rights.
\par 
\par   We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and
\par (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy,
\par distribute and/or modify the software.
\par 
\par   Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain
\par that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free
\par software.  If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we
\par want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so
\par that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original
\par authors' reputations.
\par 
\par   Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software
\par patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free
\par program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the
\par program proprietary.  To prevent this, we have made it clear that any
\par patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.
\par 
\par   The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
\par modification follow.}{\f36\fs20\insrsid10437008 
\par }{\f36\fs20\insrsid12395620\charrsid12395620 
\par }{\f36\fs20\insrsid10437008\charrsid12395620     GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\par    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
\par 
\par   0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains
\par a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed
\par under the terms of this General Public License.  The "Program", below,
\par refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program"
\par means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law:
\par that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it,
\par either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another
\par language.  (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in
\par the term "modification".)  Each licensee is addressed as "you".
\par 
\par Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
\par covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
\par running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program
\par is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the
\par Program (independent of having been made by running the Program).
\par Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.
\par 
\par   1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's
\par source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you
\par conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate
\par copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the
\par notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty;
\par and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License
\par along with the Program.
\par 
\par You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and
\par you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.
\par 
\par   2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion
\par of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and
\par distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
\par above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:
\par 
\par     a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
\par     stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.
\par 
\par     b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in
\par     whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any
\par     part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third
\par     parties under the terms of this License.
\par 
\par     c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively
\par     when run, you must cause it, when started running for such
\par     interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an
\par     announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a
\par     notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide
\par     a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under
\par     these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this
\par     License.  (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but
\par     does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on
\par     the Program is not required to print an announcement.)
\par \page 
\par These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
\par identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program,
\par and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
\par themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
\par sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you
\par distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
\par on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
\par this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
\par entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.
\par 
\par Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
\par your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
\par exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
\par collective works based on the Program.
\par 
\par In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program
\par with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of
\par a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
\par the scope of this License.
\par 
\par   3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it,
\par under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of
\par Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:
\par 
\par     a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable
\par     source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections
\par     1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,
\par 
\par     b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three
\par     years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your
\par     cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete
\par     machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be
\par     distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium
\par     customarily used for software interchange; or,
\par 
\par     c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer
\par     to distribute corresponding source code.  (This alternative is
\par     allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you
\par     received the program in object code or executable form with such
\par     an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)
\par 
\par The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for
\par making modifications to it.  For an executable work, complete source
\par code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any
\par associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to
\par control compilation and installation of the executable.  However, as a
\par special exception, the source code distributed need not include
\par anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary
\par form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the
\par operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component
\par itself accompanies the executable.
\par 
\par If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering
\par access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent
\par access to copy the source code from the same place counts as
\par distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not
\par compelled to copy the source along with the object code.
\par \page 
\par   4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program
\par except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt
\par otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is
\par void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License.
\par However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under
\par this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such
\par parties remain in full compliance.
\par 
\par   5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
\par signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
\par distribute the Program or its derivative works.  These actions are
\par prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
\par modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the
\par Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
\par all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
\par the Program or works based on it.
\par 
\par   6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the
\par Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
\par original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to
\par these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
\par restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
\par You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to
\par this License.
\par 
\par   7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
\par infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
\par conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
\par otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
\par excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot
\par distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
\par License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
\par may not distribute the Program at all.  For example, if a patent
\par license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by
\par all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
\par the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
\par refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.
\par 
\par If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under
\par any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to
\par apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other
\par circumstances.
\par 
\par It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
\par patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
\par such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
\par integrity of the free software distribution system, which is
\par implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
\par generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
\par through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
\par system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
\par to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
\par impose that choice.
\par 
\par This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
\par be a consequence of the rest of this License.
\par \page 
\par   8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in
\par certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
\par original copyright holder who places the Program under this License
\par may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding
\par those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among
\par countries not thus excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates
\par the limitation as if written in the body of this License.
\par 
\par   9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
\par of the General Public License from time to time.  Such new versions will
\par be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to
\par address new problems or concerns.
\par 
\par Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Program
\par specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any
\par later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions
\par either of that version or of any later version published by the Free
\par Software Foundation.  If the Program does not specify a version number of
\par this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software
\par Foundation.
\par 
\par   10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free
\par programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author
\par to ask for permission.  For software which is copyrighted by the Free
\par Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes
\par make exceptions for this.  Our decision will be guided by the two goals
\par of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and
\par of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab     NO WARRANTY
\par 
\par   11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
\par FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN
\par OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
\par PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED
\par OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS
\par TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE
\par PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
\par REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
\par 
\par   12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
\par WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
\par REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
\par INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
\par OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
\par TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY
\par YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
\par PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
\par POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par 
\par \tab \tab      END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
\par }\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5254238 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f36\fs20\insrsid1855015\charrsid12395620 
\par }}